[Music]
children used to study here this school
for girls in darl bah became a makeshift
field hospital and a shelter during the
war Israeli military aircraft bummed it
twice killing dozens of
people this man narly
scaped destruction is everywhere me my
father and my daughters were outside for
treatment but we had just been right in
this room God bestowed his Mercy on us
thank God my family is
okay others were not as
lucky derella is one of the most densely
populated areas in GZA crammed with
despl
Palestinians ambulances took the wed to
the city's Al AA Hospital Israel says
its attack targeted Hamas command and
control center but doctors say most of
the victims are
civilians in fact most of the injured
are children and women who are in very
serious and critical condition many of
these injured women and children came
with amputated limbs Israeli troops have
destroyed more than 300 schools and
universities since October the
7th even those used as shelters by
families with nowhere else to go
everyone in the hospital is suffering
from critical injuries that are
receiving a treatment on the floor there
is a very clear surge of air strikes and
evacuation centers on these areas that
must be at least considered and
classified to be humanitarian safe
zones
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer